(22051)América -1890-
Steel Ball Run, a primeira corrida a cavalo através da América do Norte, havia acabado de começar,
e o cadeirante Johnny Joestar e Gyro Zeppeli, dominador das Steel Balls, entraram juntos na corrida.
Todavia, o Presidente Funny Valentine, a verdadeira mente por trás da corrida,
planejou usar o evento para unir as partes do Cadáver Sagrado que fora espalhado por toda a nação.
Durante o trajeto, a dupla enfrentou asssassinos inabalados a recuperar o Cadáver Sagrado, porém,
At the 8th stage of the race, Gyro was defeated by the powerful assassins of Valentine, who aimed to take home everything for himself.
durante o 8º estágio da corrida, Gyro foi derrotado pelos poderosos assassinos de Valentine, que pretendia tomar tudo por ele mesmo.
Encurralado e em desespero, Johnny usou as Steel Balls de seu amigo abatido e disparou um tiro de esperança.
Josuke?
I don't see him... Must just be me, then.
Where could this be? It looks like the sea, and yet...
Aaah!
He'll come back...once more.
I'm sure of it...once more...
Valentine...
What...are you doing there?
I don't know who you are, but...stay back!
Don't come near me!
Ah!
Enough already...
That Infinite Spin...
It's useless against me now.
What?
B-But that can't be! I felt it hit you!
I hit you dead on with Complete Golden Spin Energy!
And yet...the Infinite Spin has vanished!
This battle of ours can no longer be won... It's been interrupted.
Still...those nail bullets of yours might be capable of taking him down...
It pains me to do this...but all I can do now is bet on that hope...
Interrupted? "Him?" What are you talking about?
You...
You're Jonathan Joestar...correct?
!
!
Jonathan. If you're here, in this world, in this era...
Then the search for the Holy Corpse parts must be proceeding well.
Keep it up. Find them...
The true battle will begin once you've gathered them all.
He disappeared...
But it seemed like he was so desperate to kill me...
Wait! His horse... It's still alive...
Ungh!
That corpse part that was here...it's gone!
The corpse part disappeared!!
?
Wh...What?
Ah! Slow Dancer's wounds from President Valentine... They're gone!
They've all healed!
Had those wounds been a little deeper, even Hamon wouldn't have been able to heal them... But it's all right now.
By the way...
This wouldn't be the corpse part you're referring to, would it?
That's...
That's it! Give it here, you thief! What've you done with the rest of it?
...
...No.
You've been over here this whole time, now that I think about it...
You didn't even get near the Holy Corpse.
I apologize. I shouldn't have called you a thief...
I'm Johnny. Your name is Jonathan, right? What are you doing here?
Well, you see...
...and then I came here.
The Holy Corpse must have sensed the anomalies in our eras as well, and started appearing in them.
I've traveled through those Light Rifts in order to gather the corpse parts and more allies. That's how I got here.
But I never realized that the Holy Corpse actually comes from this era...
...
That's such a fantastic story, I find it hard to believe.
But I can't deny that you appeared here holding a corpse part. And moreover...
Slow Dancer.
I need the Holy Corpse.
Fine then, Jonathan. I'm coming with you.

Where are we?
I remember this place. We passed through during the race... It's Rocky Mountain Village!
I remember this place. We passed through during the race... It's Rocky Mountain Village!
Is there a corpse part nearby?
W-What's that?!
Shh!
You can't make any loud noises.
Diego's ability...turned all the villagers into dinosaurs.
But I don't believe it... Is this one of those anomalies?
Diego died on the railroad in New Jersey. I saw it with my own eyes.
Did you say...Diego? Diego Brando?
You know him?
We've met before. He was trying to gather the Holy Corpse parts for the anomaly side.
So that's it. He's using the dinosaurs to look for the corpse part!
Shit. We've got to find it before he does!
Right. Let's go.
Make your way to the goal displayed on the stage!
What are you doing here?
Johnny... Jonathan!
Diego!
How can you be alive? I saw you die after Valentine defeated you!
Hmph...
You did well to slip past the dinosaurs and make it this far.
But it's all the same, in the end.
You're still going to be torn apart and scattered all over the grouuuuund!
They're all coming for us all at once!
I'll counterattack with a Hamon barrage!
WRRYYY! Cut through them!
Dinosaurs are the most fearsome monsters the world has ever seen!
Ggh! B-Beasts like these actually existed once!?
Those nail bullets of yours are useless against a pack this size!
Dammit! There are too many of them! They just keep coming!
I know you all used to be humans... Forgive me for hurting you.
Now's hardly the time for that! We've still got Diego to deal with!
Resistance is futile against dinosaurs! MUDAAA!
You actually defeated the dinosaurs? I suppose I could have used just a few more...
!
...
D...Dio!
JoJo...
Seems like the ties of destiny bind us stronger than we ever knew...
And now we meet again, in this wooooorld!
That man... How is he moving like that? He looks different from the dinosaur people!
Listen up. I will be the one to destroy JoJo. Such is my destiny!
You just take care of the man on the horse!!
...
You certainly seem to enjoy waltzing in and tossing out orders...
However, it looks as if our interests are a perfect match...for I want to finish off Johnny!
Johnny! Watch yourself! That man is a vampire!
First dinosaurs, and now vampires? This is getting ridiculous!
Let's put an end to this right here!
A tag team of monsters who've both surpassed humanity... We can't let them get near the corpse part!
You, Johnny Joestar, are my greatest trial!
Hmph! Here I come, JoJooo!
Take this, Diegooo!! You'll have the Holy Corpse over my dead body!
You think you can keep up with a dinosaur's kinetic visioooon?!
I'm going to wring the life out of you!
I'll cleanse the world of your filth!
I can sense limitless evil within those two!
Eat nail bullets, you damn monsters!
May you waste away in this frontier world, JoJooooo!
I'm going to slice your head right off, Johnny Joestar!
Shit! Those nail bullets really are dangerous...
I need to make sure I don't get in too close...
That energy is dangerous... It's something that shouldn't be...
This trial will be "Subjugation and Certain Death!"
JoJoooo...
I, Dio, admit that your spirit has explosive power!!
This Hamon you've acquired is truly potent!!
Which is why...I want to slaughter you even more now!
Ggh! They disappeared again...
Ah!
That man is...
Valentine!
It should be obvious by now, but just in case, I'll say it.
This has nothing to do with my ability!
...
G-Gyro?!
I did not bring back a living Gyro Zeppeli from any of the infinite parallel worlds!
You terrorists, who dare to target the Noble One...
I'm...gonna crush you all beyond all recognition!
B-But how?! How could Gyro be alive?
Listen well, Johnny Joestar! Push your Stand power to its limits!
Fight for your friend with all you've got...and defeat me!
Gyro! How can you fight alongside Valentine?!
We have no choice but to fight, Johnny! Keep your heart strong!
Now, show me the extent of your capabilities...Johnny Joestar...
Here we go, terrorists!
So you can use the Spin too? Where did you learn the secrets of the Zeppeli family?!
Gyro, you taught it to me yourself! You gave me Spin lessons!
More! Show us power even beyond what you hit me with in Philadelphia!
Urrrgh! Shit!
Something's not right here... That Valentine man... He isn't attacking to kill!
Gyro...don't you recognize me?
This won't do... You won't be able to defeat him at this rate!
Eat my Steel Balls...and say goodbye to this world!
Gggh! Damn! Not too shabby!
Gyro...you still don't remember me?
Please, try...
Sing those stupid songs and make those awful jokes, like you used to...
Ahh! Wait! It's coming back to me... I remember now...
You, you're guy who pissed me off so badly...
...that I swore I'd feed my Steel Balls to you the next time I saw you!
G...Gyro...
Johnny Joestar...
If you hit first, and your Stand strikes true...
Perhaps you could defeat...him...
Although, if I had to choose another person...
It'd be that boy Giorno Giovanna, who's been working alongside you.
His power might stand a chance as well...
But only...after the corpse is assembled...
That Valentine man...he wasn't attacking to kill!
It's like he was only testing us...
Ah!
My corpse part is resonating... There must be another part somewhere nearby!
Find the Holy Corpse part! Look out for a glowing object somewhere in the stage.
!
You got the Holy Corpse (Legs)!
Just...one part?
I've lost everything. My friends, my corpse parts...
Johnny...
I know how you must feel. I lost much as well...
But for now, we've got to focus on regathering the corpse parts and stopping the anomalies.
I have a feeling that's how we'll save your friend, as well.
...(22246)
